we're here at the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology where you can
see students from this University
they're protesting here they have set up
an encampment that is right on the other
side of that tent and they've been told
that that encampment is going to be
removed you can see the students here
they're demanding a ceasefire in Gaza
they're demanding an end to divestment
which is the investment of the
University funds in companies for
example that this students say are
profiting from the ongoing War but this
is just an example of what's been going
on in many universities across the
country on the other side you can see
there's another group of students with
United States flags and Israeli Flags
they're also carrying pictures of those
who have been taken captive by Hamas in
Gaza what's going on here is just an
example of what's Happening across the
country it's not clear yet whether the
police is going to move into the camp to
remove the tents but students here are
saying that no matter what happens they
will continue to take to their campuses
they will continue to take to the
streets to demand an end to the war in
Gaza therea aler
Boston make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer